INTRO_SCENE:
           You awaken in complete darkness. You can barely see anything,          
              but you can feel the damp, cold stone floor beneath you.            
                 You don't know where you are or how you got here,                
         but you feel a sense of unease, as if something is not quite right.      
                                                                                  
MOVING_SCENE:
                                                                                  
       You try to move, but your body feels unfamiliar, as if it's not your own.  
              You can't remember your name, or anything about your past.          
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
KOBOLD_SCENE:
           As you try to piece together what might have happened to you,          
       a small, scrappy creature scurries up to you and begins spitting at you.   
                         Its beady eyes reflect the dim light,                    
                      you can tell that it's some sort of kobold.                 
                                                                                  
 NAME_SCENE:
                                                                                  
                        "Me name is Khai, me be your guide.                       
                   Come... Me show you way out. What you name?"                   
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
ATTACK_KOBOLD_SCENE:
                          You try to fight off the kobold,                        
                     but it's too dark and he's too fast for you.                 
             "No fight please! Friend! Me show you way out! What you name?"       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
WEAPONS_SCENE:
                                                                                  
             Khai: "There be weapons here. Take! Seeee? Khai friend!"             
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
DEAD_END_SCENE:
                                                                                  
                  You reach a dead end. Iron bars block your path,                
           you try to break them with all your might, but they won't budge.       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
ENNEMY_SCENE:
               You arrive at the end of the tunnel, but you see a large,          
                         hulking figure standing before you.                      
                      It's about to attack but you are faster:                    
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
VICTORY_SCENE:
           As you stand in the darkness of the tunnel, you catch your breath,     
        victorious after defeating the colossal monster that had threatened you.  
             You notice that the end of the tunnel is not pitch black.            
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
FLEEING_BACKWARD_SCENE:
                  You managed to successfully flee from the monster!              
            But wait, it seems like the monster isn't giving up that easily.      
              You can hear its footsteps approaching quickly from behind,         
                    so you know you need to run as fast as you can.               
                                                                                  
FLEEING_FORWARD_SCENE:
                 As you get closer, you try to jump over the monster,             
                         but your foot catches on something,                      
                 and you stumble into the creature, knocking it over.             
        You quickly get up and run towards the light at the end of the tunnel.    
                                                                                  
FLEING_FAILED_DIED_SCENE:
     You try to make a break for it, but your foot catches on a protruding root,  
             and you stumble towards the monster. You fall at its feet,           
                       and before you can even try to get up,                     
                     it lunges forward and delivers a fatal blow.                 
                                                                                  
FLEING_FAILED_FIGHT_SCENE:
                You run as fast as you can, but the monster is faster,            
                    and soon it's upon you. With no other choice,                 
                         you prepare to fight for your life.                      
                                                                                  
                                                                                   